{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red191\green191\blue191;\red230\green230\blue230;\red56\green110\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;\red251\green2\blue7;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww8220\viewh13900\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf2 I. Home/Landing Page: looks great\
\cf0 \
\cf2 II. Signup Page:\
\cf0 \
\cf3 * For this phase, only put 2 Member Types: "Artist" and "Company" -\
can you add that there will be a button or rollover that will explain\
what each Type includes?\cf0 \
\
\cf2 * For the signup, we also need to add:\
\cf0 \
\cf2 1. Date of Birth (because you have to be 13 or older to join the site)\
2. Gender (for demographic tracking purposes)\
3. reCAPTCHA (to weed out spam)\
\cf0 \
\cf2 * Next to the "Register" button, or as a rollover it should say "By\
clicking this button, I agree to Artist Magnet's "Terms and\
Conditions" - with a link to that page\cf0 \
\
\cf2 III. It would be great if you could make an additional wireframe after\
the Signup page, where people can the add friends on Facebook and via\
email before they complete their registration (instead of the pop-up\
on the homepage)\
\cf0 \
\cf2 IV. "Update Profile" (page 12):\
\cf0 \
\cf2 * No one's going to see anyone else's profile, they're only going to\
see their resumes. \'a0And people may have different profile information\
for different resumes, so it doesn't make sense to have all that\
demographic information on the "my profile" wireframe, so you can\
remove that info.\cf0 \
\
\cf2 * Instead, can you move this Wireframe to between the 2nd Signup Page\
you're going to create and the Resume Building Page?\
\cf0 \
\cf2 * This should be called "ArtistSpace" and that should be featured as a\
title on the page, as a branding thing for us. This will be the page\
people go to whenever they go to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://artistmagnet.com/"}}{\fldrslt \ul \ulc4 artistmagnet.com}} after they've signed\
up for the site.\cf0 \
\
\cf2 * Instead of on the sidebar, the Resumes and Build New Resume (and\
edit each resume, which is where they will edit their photos,\
demographics, etc.) should be in the center box. \'a0\
\cf0 \
\cf2 * When the user goes onto this page for the first time, can there be a pop-up explaining to\
them where they are, what they can do on this page, and how to build\
their first resume?\
\cf0 \
\cf2 * You know how on some sites when you go to your profile page it\
welcomes you with your first name at the top (like "Welcome, David!")\
- could we do something like that here? \'a0That't the type of atmosphere\
we're trying to create with these pages in general.\cf0 \
\
\cf2 * The sidebar should have a link to allow people to edit their general\
profile information (name, contact info, email) - is that Account\
Settings? \'a0If so, sometimes that term confuses people, they don't know\
if it's to edit their info or just change the account type, so maybe\
there can be a rollover explaining or the title can be changed to\
"Account Settings/Edit Profile"\
\cf0 \
\cf2 * Also on the sidebar should be a link to ArtistSpace, so that no\
matter where they are they can click on that and go back to this page\
\cf0 \
\cf2 * Also on the sidebar should be a search bar where people can type in\
a name to search the site (the simple one we were talking about, not\
the comprehensive "ArtistSearch" which will come in Phase 2)\
\cf0 \
\cf2 * Also on the sidebar, PROMINENTLY, should be 2 more links:\
\
1. ADD FRIENDS via Facebook and email\
2. UPGRADE to a "Premium Magnet" account\
\cf0 \
\
I. ADD Wireframe to "Resume Building": Can we have a Wireframe showing 2 different Resume Types? \'a0Because 2 of the types will be so different\
\cf5 	- The resum\'e9 types actually aren\'92t that different\'85 The only main differences are the lack of the Attributes section and the title change of Headshot to Photos\'85 We can easily show this in the text breakdown.\
\cf0 \
\cf2 * The first one is labeled "Performing Artist" (instead of "Actor") - for this one above the theatre section should be the following entries for the user to fill in:\
\cf0 \
\cf2 1. A way for the user to enter what type of Performing Artist they are (Actor, Singer, Dancer, etc.)\
2. Union/Guild Affiliations\
\cf0 \
\cf2 * Then there should be the following sub-headings: Attributes, Contact Info, and Headshots. \'a0Here's the entries that should be under each sub-heading:\
\
* Attributes:\
\
1. Gender\
2. Age Range (they can enter 2 numbers, and there will be a dash in the middle - like "18-25") or just Age if they'd prefer\
3. Height (Metric & US)\
4. Weight (Metric & US)\
5. Hair Color\
6. Hair Length\
7. Eye Color\
8. Vocal Range\
9. Ethnicity\
\
* Contact Info:\
\
1. Stage Name (the name that will appear on the resume, and in hyperlinking searches)\
2. Title, First Name, Middle Name, Last Name, Suffix\
3. Street Address (2 lines)\
4. City, State/Province, Zip Code, Country\
5. Primary/Alternate Phone Numbers\
6. Email, Websites, Social Networking handles\cf0 \
\
\cf2 * Headshots:\
\cf0 \
\cf2 1. The way you have it in "My Profile" is fine just move it to "Resume Building"\
2. Actually, please state instead that only 1 headshot will be included in the basic account, additional headshots will be in the premium account.\
\cf0 \
\cf2 * Also, please add that 1 resume will be included in the basic account and additional resumes will be in the premium account\
\cf0 \
\cf2 * Of all these entries, Stage Name or First & Last Name must be required; everything else is optional.\
\cf0 \
\cf2 * If some of this info can be pulled from their log-in that would be great, but I know that's for later when we're coding. \'a0Also it might be worth adding that this info that they inter in their first resume will copy across future resumes they build (if possible), so they don't have to keep entering the same data each time.\cf0 \
\
\cf2 II. The 2nd resume type is everyone who's not a Performing Artist (Director, Designer, Stage Manager, Playwright, Composer, etc.). \'a0This should just be labeled "Production" to avoid confusion:\
\cf0 \
\cf2 * Everything should be the same as above except Attributes should be removed. And instead of "Headshots" it should be titled "Photo".\
\cf0 \
\cf2 III. The Resume itself:\
\cf0 \
\cf2 * Everywhere change "Theater" to "Theatre" (I know it's nitpicky but it has to be spelled "Theatre" so we might as well get into the habit now)\
\cf0 \
* Theatre section:\
\
1. Remove "Dates" box. \'a0Add generally under "Resume Building Form" that users will be able to add up to 2 additional columns and an unlimited number of rows to each section to add things like Dates, Location. etc. for the columns, and extra credits for the rows.\
\cf5 	\'97 We should keep dates & location as always up, as it\'92ll be too confusing to allow users to add one or the other. they aren\'92t required so there\'92s no harm in leaving them up, plus people should be filling these out to give us as much information as possible. especially in distinguishing between productions of the same piece.\
\cf0 \
\
\cf2 2. Add a "Production Company" box. \'a0The user is required to enter a Venue, Production Company or both.\
\cf0 \
\cf2 3. Change "Character" to "Role" - this will remove confusion across all resumes, because a Stage Manager or Designer doesn't have a character, but everyone can agree that everyone has a "role" in the production.\
\cf0 \
\cf2 4. Also the order of the boxes needs to change, so from left to right it should read: Production, Role, Director, Venue, Production Company. \'a0Required entries are Production, Role, and Venue or Production Company.\
\cf0 \
* I know in "Custom" you say "possibly not a good idea to include" (I assume you'll remove that text) - but it's important to allow people that, for example, want to have Actor, Director, and Playwright sections all in the same resume, to have the ability to label and separate those sections appropriately. \'a0Also if people want to add Film Credits (which will not hyperlink) they should be able to do that in text only format. \'a0\
\cf5 	- This is extremely confusing. If there are multiple types of resume\'92s, they should remain that way. giving users the ability to mix and match will only conflate the resume building process. Giving users this custom control also makes it harder to properly code & store information in the database as we\'92ll have no idea how it should relate to other information. It is best to keep things as segmented as possible - at least for now - so that users can understand the process easier and we have better control over information in this early stage.\
\cf0 \
\cf2 * Also, you copy and pasted the "Skills" boxes, into the Custom boxes - that's wrong, can you fix that?\
\cf0 \
\cf2 * Please add an "Other" section above the "Custom" section - this should just be a big paragraph text box where people can write in anything they want.\
\cf0 \
\cf2 * Is it possible to have the page save entries automatically as people are working? \'a0If so, can you add in the text that we will have that feature and have it shown on the page that it's happening so the user will know? \'a0If it's not possible, we should have a "Save and Finish" button separate from another "Save" button, so that people can save as their working and come page to that page later, and when they're done they can save and move on to the next page.\cf0 \
\
* Also, note that users can move sections around above and below each other (except the Theatre section, that's fixed, required, and nothing can be moved above it)\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf6 	- We\'92ll need to discuss this functionality as I\'92m not sure we can make it work with the new coding languages we will be working with. This feature also works to conflate the resume process - if we are trying to create standard/best practices for resumes this undermines that idea. Let\'92s discuss this more\'85\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\cf2 IV. Resume Vieiwng:\
\cf0 \
\cf2 * What happened to the sidebar?\
\cf0 \
\cf2 * Box 3 - Fix terminology based on above\
\cf0 \
\cf2 V. My Account\
\
* The $9.99 pr/mo account is "Premium" (I know nitpicky but again for investors)\
}